Add Trino Summit 2023 announcement (#534)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2023-09-08-trino-summit-2023-announcement.md

---
layout: post
title: "Join us for Trino Summit 2023"
author: "Manfred Moser"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
image: /assets/blog/trino-summit-20232/summit-logo.png
---

The Trino community is buzzing. Commander Bun Bun is ready to invite you all to
join us for Trino Summit 2023. And "all" really means everyone in the community.
The event is free to attend, virtual, and full of news and shared knowledge from

> your peers using Trino. Don't hesitate, submit your talk, and register to attend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your peers using Trino. Don't hesitate to submit your talk and register to attend
```

now.

<!--more-->

We are pleased to announce the upcoming Trino Summit 2023. The summit is
scheduled as virtual event on the 13th and 14th of December 2023, and attendance is
free!

If you'd like to share your knowledge and information about Trino usage and give
a talk at this year's Trino Summit, we're putting out a call for speakers. We
are accepting submissions from now until the 22nd of October, but we recommend

> submitting soon, because slots are filling up fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submitting as soon as possible, because we expect slots to fill up fast.
```
Let's not lie and say they're filling up fast when we haven't even opened it up yet. 😆
